*9/5/25, 3am*

2 persons, living their separate lives, one of them, trying her best to co-op with the academics, doing her best to be nice to everyone, to always be there for everyone, to be really careful with words. the other person, he is going down to nihilism, dosen't care much about anything, wants to die, living for his parents, to save a few tears from a few people.

these 2, meet each other at their coaching, the guy, not caring much, just looked at her everyday, admired that smile, adored those talks, those jokes. she, focused quite well, found her happiness in talking to friends, streaming a bit of content and painting. the guy, being a nerd, keeps playing games, and streaming too much of content.

they interact, it wasn't really much of a bond between them, they were unaware of what would happen. had this for a year, still met each day, next academic session, the gurl suddenly disappeared for a few months, guy, who was quite happy with the thought that he will get to meet a nice friend after a month or something, when he was enlightened,
he was struck for a bit, trying his best to co-op, he lost interest in keeping a good impression in front of his friends, dressing well, hair.

then after those couple of low months, she came, the guy, was not able to control his happiness when he saw her, that look, that body language of extreme happiness in that moment, no one ever got to see it, parents, any other friends, and it was deeper than what it looked like. this guy had always tried to be emotionless, because being sentimental broke him, and this guy, for the first time in his life, expressed how happy he is, with his expressions, he still remember the feeling, jaw dropped, laughed a bit, smile did not look as huge as it actually was because of his open mouth.

after a few months, they started staying back for 20-40min after coaching, they talked, the gurl being the charm, had more to speak, the guy kept listening, looked at her beautiful smile whenever she looked away while explaining things, he started feeling emotions that he had not felt since years, he started getting agitated on wrong things, again! the gurl was slowly, becoming a indelible mark on him, that he would carry forever,

his demeanor changed around her, he never tried to impress her, but he just felt and kept things to himself because he himself was not ready to accept that he could really love a person after what happened to him. the gurl, she got closer and closer to the guy, tried her best to know him, fixed his problems, fixed him!

this bond of two friends hit a rock, when their teacher thought that they are in a relationship. the gurl cried, and the boy's agitation was revealed nowhere near what his heart had to carry, he did not himself saw tears in her eyes, but just the thought terrified him enough that he could have killed a person who tried to hurt her in that state. he lost all respect for that teacher, he looked down upon him, stopped listening to him.

he was really protective towards her, his imagination was never his limit, he has always failed to understand fully, what all he saw in his imagination. he imagined what he would do to the people who tried to hurt her ever, he was still not yet ready to accept that he has given up his heart to her. he was not ready for that, but when he realized that he is in love, he found out that the string had already wrapped him.

after a few months, the end of session came closer, he was anxious, really anxious, scared of losing her, scared of being rendered with no talks online.
he wrote a note:-
_fuck this, fuck all of this. just when I think it's getting back on track, smth hits, why the fuck this happens to me always. it always ends like this. it's not overyet but I feel the end , it's close, not more than 20 days away. just get it over with , bring it on, I will either suffer or die, let it be bring it on, thinking abt the day it will occur, where will I go, what will I do_

then, it occurred, he was struck, absolutely struck, cried really hard, his parents were not in town for 3 days fortunately. he called that one friend for 3 days(7th, 8th and 9th feb), cried in front him, he had no one else. he did quite well, he knew when to console him by reciprocating to his doubts and when to distract him(image1)

*10/5/25, 5am*

he was just sooo in love with her, but he could not have accepted her as his partner, he knew that he will can never be what she deserves, what she should have, what good could he have done for her. he loved her, wanted to be the one who can admire her forever while staying by her side, not from a distance. he loved her, but hated himself. therefore, he did not accept a person like himself to be with such a great gurl.

he wants to defy time to love her, till forever collapses

then, she noticed it, because he was too low to go unnoticed by a person as good as her. she kept asking, he condemned himself to say nothing. she consoled her, kept him going, just like she did last year, he kept falling in love, tried hard to pull back, to just leave her alone.
she did not let him

she got it all out of him, on 12th february 12:08 pm, he said it all(image 2). she completely disregarded his "bury it pls", she pressed on him, that she likes him. he kept doubting her, he knew very well that she is nice enough to act like that, he might still be thinking abt this every few days. she made her believe that she loves her too, he thought of all reasons he could be liked for, found none, then he thought abt the reasons he could be loathed for, found many.






she was the love of her life, the personification of all he wrote, of all he described his partner as. she is the real dream of many dreamers like him, who still haven't met her, who still r in their deceit of 'this type of person can only exist in pages not real life', and honestly, the guy dosen't want them to know, now. he really loves her, and has all the plans with her, for ever.

he never asked for love from his parents, he was simply not built that way. he stopped hoping for their love, the kind of love he wanted. but she, she just had it all in her for him(hes still unsure abt her younger self tho),
she gave him that love, which he never asked for, and all he could ever ask for.

now, its been 3 months, she is with him, says she will love him forever. hes still struck by her words, the same words, still get him every time.
all he yearned, he found in her.

please o' my love, leave him if u have to, show him how cold u can be, he would absolutely love that
yes, sounds crazy, but its absolutely true
that's what he truly sounds like darling

she dosen't know, what she means to him, how important she is to him. she could never know.

the love,
he never deserved
the right,
 he never deserved
the peace,
he never deserved
she is all of it

he had his ways,
he used his knuckles
he wrote blood to the pages,
he was the meanest
to a mere notebook,
that notebook,
which went up in ashes
just like his words,
he feels it,
never did he really knew,
maybe its the sorrow,
or its otherwise,
but he is in love now,
and so deeply.

my love, i wanna tell u again, u r all i want, i love uuu and i wanna stay in ur worst, pls just let me, pls just give me the right. i wanna love u through all of it.
i want our love to be forged, into the strongest.






















